added/updated docs (#80)
ubccr/xdmod-appkernels: docs/ak-controlregion.md

Control region specified the time period which will be used for creation a control region.
That region will be used during performance monitoring for detecting for deviation from expected performance.

> Select control region panel from appkernel tab of XDMoD admin pannel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select control region panel from App Kernels tab of Open XDMoD admin panel.
```

![Control Region GUI](assets/images/control_region_gui_small.png)

New control region can be added by clicking on the point of the plot and selecting 

> "add new control region" from context menu or by clicking "New control region" from control regions pannel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"add new control region" from context menu or by clicking "New control region" from control regions panel.
```
